Add verify() to each ciphersuite (#219)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-frost: draft-irtf-cfrg-frost.md

are described for each the ciphersuites below. Future ciphersuites MUST
describe how input validation is done for DeserializeElement and DeserializeScalar.

Each ciphersuite includes explicit instructions for verifying signatures produced
by FROST. Note that these instructions are equivalent to those produced by a single

> signer.

Author: @chelseakomlo

Reviewer: LGTM! Thanks @dconnolly

are described for each the ciphersuites below. Future ciphersuites MUST
describe how input validation is done for DeserializeElement and DeserializeScalar.

We include explicit `verify()` functions for each ciphersuite that should also

> apply to any singleton signature as well as signatures generated by FROST. By

Reviewer: I would re-word this since signatures generated by FROST are identical to signatures generated by a single signer.

> We include explicit `verify()` functions for each ciphersuite that should also
> apply to any singleton signature as well as signatures generated by FROST. By
> definition, this function assumes that all group Elements passed as input,
> including the signature R component and public key, belong to prime-order group G.

Author: ```suggestion
We include explicit `verify()` functions for each ciphersuite. Since FROST-generated
signatures and singleton-generated Schnorr signatures are identical, these functions
verify both. By definition, this function assumes that all group Elements passed as
input, including the signature R component and public key, belong to prime-order
group G.
```

Reviewer 2: Either phrasing works for me.

> We include explicit `verify()` functions that should also apply to any singleton
> signature as well as signatures generated by FROST. By definition,
> this function assumes that all group Elements passed as input, including
> the signature R component and public key, belong to prime-order group G.
> 
> ## FROST(Ed25519, SHA-512)

Author: ```suggestion
We include explicit `verify()` functions for each ciphersuite that should also
apply to any singleton signature as well as signatures generated by FROST. By definition, this function assumes that all group Elements passed as input,
including the signature R component and public key, belong to prime-order group G.

## FROST(Ed25519, SHA-512)
```

  - H4(m): Implemented by computing H("nonce" || m), interpreting the 64-byte digest
    as a little-endian integer, and reducing the resulting integer modulo
    L = 2^252+27742317777372353535851937790883648493.
Normally H2 would also include a domain separator, but for backwards compatibility
with {{!RFC8032}}, it is omitted.

- Signature Verification:

~~~
  verify(msg, sig, PK):

  Inputs:
  - msg, signed message, a byte string
  - sig, a tuple (R, z) output from signature generation
  - PK, public key, an Element

  Outputs: 1 if signature is valid, and 0 otherwise

  def verify(msg, sig = (R, z), PK):
    comm_enc = G.SerializeElement(R)
    pk_enc = G.SerializeElement(PK)
    challenge_input = comm_enc || pk_enc || msg
    c = H2(challenge_input)

>     l = G.ScalarBaseMult(z)
>     r = R + (c * PK)
>     return l == r

Author: ```suggestion
    l = 8 * G.ScalarBaseMult(z)
    r = 8 * (R + (c * PK))
    return l == r
```

~~~

> 

Author: ```suggestion
{{!RFC8032}} instructs to check the group equation "[8][S]B = [8]R + [8][k]A'". We recommend this verification check as it maintains consistency with batch verification equations and handles any low-order group elements correctly, which the {{!RFC8032}} "sufficient, but not required" check does not.
```

  - H4(m): Implemented by computing H("nonce" || m), interpreting the 64-byte digest
    as a little-endian integer, and reducing the resulting integer modulo
    L = 2^252+27742317777372353535851937790883648493.

>     

Author: ```suggestion

```

with {{!RFC8032}}, it is omitted.

- Signature Verification:

~~~
  verify(msg, sig, PK):

  Inputs:
  - msg, signed message, a byte string

>   - sig, a tuple (R, z) output from signature generation

Reviewer: It would probably be good to say what the types are here.

Normally H2 would also include a domain separator, but for backwards compatibility
with {{!RFC8032}}, it is omitted.

- Signature Verification:

~~~
  verify(msg, sig, PK):

  Inputs:
  - msg, signed message, a byte string
  - sig, a tuple (R, z) output from signature generation
  - PK, public key, an Element

  Outputs: 1 if signature is valid, and 0 otherwise

  def verify(msg, sig = (R, z), PK):
    comm_enc = G.SerializeElement(R)
    pk_enc = G.SerializeElement(PK)
    challenge_input = comm_enc || pk_enc || msg
    c = H2(challenge_input)

>     l = G.ScalarBaseMult(z)
>     r = R + (c * PK)
>     return l == r
> ~~~
> 

Author: ```suggestion
    l = 4 * G.ScalarBaseMult(z)
    r = 4 * (R + (c * PK))
    return l == r
~~~

{{!RFC8032}} instructs to check the group equation "[4][S]B = [4]R + [4][k]A'". We recommend this verification check as it maintains consistency with batch verification equations and handles any low-order group elements correctly, which the {{!RFC8032}} "sufficient, but not required" check does not.

```
